Disclaimer

All images used are from https://www.unsplash.com

Unsplash allows usage of their community provided images to be
downloaded and used for free for both commercial and non-commercial use.
No permission is needed when utilizing their images, although attribution is highly
appriciated and encouraged.

Below are the respective owners of the images used within this project. 

Isco @isco_me
Piotr Chrobot @chrumo
Reiseuhu
Yong Chuan Tan
Musab Al Rawahi
Mostafa Meraji @mostafa_meraji
Mike Yukhtenko @yamaicle
Aldo Loya @traveloyavlog
Ilya Aki
Victor Malyushev
Stanislav Ferrao
Mitesh
Mohammad Wasim @mohammadwasim
Raimond Klavins @raimondklavins
Mikk Tonissoo @themikk

Longform
Unsplash grants you an irrevocable, nonexclusive, worldwide copyright license to 
download, copy, modify, distribute, perform, and use photos from Unsplash for free, 
including for commercial purposes, without permission from or attributing the photographer or Unsplash. 
This license does not include the right to compile photos from Unsplash to replicate a similar or 
competing service.

For more details about this license visit
https://unsplash.com/license

The Icons used within this project are license under Freepik Company, S.L.
License Certificate Type: Free for commercial use WITH ATTRIBUTION license*
This license allows you to use for free any of Flaticon contents for your projects as long as they 
are attributed to their author in the definitive project.

Where you can use Flaticon's content*:
	Website.
	Software, applications, mobile, Multimedia.
	Printed and digital media (magazines, newspapers, books, cards, labels, CD, television, video, e-mail).
	Advertisement and promotional items.
	Presentation of products and public events.

What you CAN DO:
	You have the non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable right to use the 
	licensed material an unlimited 
	number of times in any and all media for the commercial or personal purposes listed above.
	You may alter and create derivative works.
	You can use Flaticon's Contents during the rights period world widely.

What you CANNOT DO:
	Sublicense, sell or rent any contents (or a modified version of them)
	Distribute Flaticon Contents unless it has been expressly authorized by Flaticon
	Offering Flaticon Contents designs (or modified Flaticon Contents versions) for download

* The complete content of licenses can be consulted in the Terms of Use, 
that will prevail over the content of this document.

For more details about this license visit
https://www.flaticon.com/terms-of-use

We DO NOT claim ownership or rights with the Icons used within this project. All Icons belong respectfully
towards their accredited rightful owners. 
